Add SquimObjectiveBundle to prototype (#3103)
pytorch/audio: README.md

This is a utility library that downloads and prepares public datasets. We do not host or distribute these datasets, vouch for their quality or fairness, or claim that you have license to use the dataset. It is your responsibility to determine whether you have permission to use the dataset under the dataset's license.

If you're a dataset owner and wish to update any part of it (description, citation, etc.), or do not want your dataset to be included in this library, please get in touch through a GitHub issue. Thanks for your contribution to the ML community!

Pre-trained Model License
-------------------------

The pre-trained models provided in this library may have their own licenses or terms and conditions derived from the dataset used for training. It is your responsibility to determine whether you have permission to use the models for your use case.

> More specifically, SquimObjective model is released under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International license. See [DNS 2020 license](https://github.com/microsoft/DNS-Challenge/blob/interspeech2020/master/LICENSE) for additional details.

Reviewer: `More specifically` might give an impression that `SquimObjective` model is the only one that has a different license.

```suggestion
For instance, SquimObjective model is released under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International license. See [DNS 2020 license](https://github.com/microsoft/DNS-Challenge/blob/interspeech2020/master/LICENSE) for additional details.
```

Then let's mention other models as-well.

Something like `Other pre-trained models that have different license are noted in documentation. Please checkout the documentation page.`
